[MRG] anonymize keyword argument for write_raw_bids (#280)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

Changelog
~~~~~~~~~

> - Added keyword anonymization in accordance with BIDS specifications, by `Alex Rockhill`_ (`#280 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/280>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added option to anonymize by shifting measurement date in accordance with BIDS specifications, by `Alex Rockhill`_ (`#280 <https://github.com/mne-tools/mne-bids/pull/280>`_)
```
